TERMS & CONDITIONS OF MEMBERSHIP
Writer

I am applying to SOCAN for membership and agree that, upon acceptance as a Member, I shall execute an agreement with SOCAN and shall abide by SOCAN’s By-laws and the Rules and Regulations of SOCAN as amended from time to time.

If I am under legal age, my Membership Agreement with SOCAN will also be signed by my parent or legal guardian.

I meet the eligibility requirements for membership. I understand that SOCAN reserves the right to request substantiation of eligibility at any time.

Eligibility requirements for Writer Members:

An applicant for membership as a Writer Member shall meet one (1) of the following conditions before being considered for membership in SOCAN:

The applicant has written or co-written at least one (1) musical work or the lyrics of at least one (1) musical work that is published by a person or company that carries on business as a music publisher.
The applicant has written or co-written at least one (1) musical work or the lyrics of at least one (1) musical work that was recorded by a person or company that carries on business as a record company.
The applicant has written or co-written at least one (1) musical work or the lyrics of at least one (1) musical work that was or will be performed and that performance was or will be a performance that is licensed by SOCAN.
A Writer Member applicant includes any person who has acquired, by will or under any law, the right, title and interest of a deceased writer in any musical work otherwise qualifying under (a), (b), or (c) above.

When Registering Works

I agree that when registering works, I am responsible for the accuracy of the information provided.

I warrant and represent that I am the creator of the work(s) stated in this notification. In accordance with SOCAN’s Rules and Regulations I confirm that I have not acquired any interest in the work(s) by assignment.

When Viewing a Catalogue or Unidentified Lists

I agree that the information to be viewed is private and confidential and may not be copied or reproduced in any form or disclosed to any third party by me other than to the rights holders associated with this work.
